Add timezone to cron triggers examples (#20151)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/configuration/cron-triggers.mdx

[triggers]
# Schedule cron triggers:
# - At every 3rd minute

> # - At 3PM (UTC) on first day of the month

Author: ```suggestion
# - At 15:00 (UTC) on first day of the month
```

> # - At 11:59PM (UTC) on the last weekday of the month

Author: ```suggestion
# - At 23:59 (UTC) on the last weekday of the month
```

- `0 17 * * sun` or `0 17 * * 1`

>   - 5PM (UTC) on Sunday

Author: ```suggestion
  - 17:00 (UTC) on Sunday
```

- `10 7 * * mon-fri` or `10 7 * * 2-6`

>   - 7:10AM (UTC) on weekdays

Author: ```suggestion
  - 07:10 (UTC) on weekdays
```

- `0 15 1 * *`

>   - 3PM (UTC) on first day of the month

Author: ```suggestion
  - 15:00 (UTC) on first day of the month
```

- `0 18 * * 6L` or `0 18 * * friL`

>   - 6PM (UTC) on the last Friday of the month

Author: ```suggestion
  - 18:00 (UTC) on the last Friday of the month
```

- `59 23 LW * *`

>   - 11:59PM (UTC) on the last weekday of the month

Author: ```suggestion
  - 23:59 (UTC) on the last weekday of the month
```
